Nice work so far!
Congratulations on capturing
and analyzing your first packet.
Let's review what
we've covered so far.
First, you learned how
network traffic flows
provide valuable
communications insight.
Through monitoring
network activity
for indicators of compromise,
you learned how to spot
unusual network activity,
like data exfiltration.
Then, you learned how
to view and capture
network traffic using
packet sniffers.
Finally, you learned
how to inspect
packets through packet analysis.
You dissected packet
header data fields
and analyzed packet
captures in detail.
You've made a lot of progress
in developing the skills you'll
need to prepare for an
entry-level role in security.
Coming up, you'll
be immersed into
the exciting world of
incident investigation,
where you'll examine the
processes behind detecting
and containing an incident.
I'll meet you there.